Replacing Figma embeds and related iframes with SVG assets in the documentation (#9830)
elastic/eui: packages/docusaurus-theme/changelogs/upcoming/9830.md

> - Refactored the FigmaEmbed component to become a more generic FigmaAsset so that can output either a WebP (Now as a default) raster image asset or a Figma embed iframe.

Reviewer: **nit:**
```suggestion
- Refactored the FigmaEmbed component to become a more generic FigmaAsset so that can output either an SVG (Now as a default) raster image asset or a Figma embed iframe.
```
